Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, this video is going to be kind of different.
I prayed with you all yesterday, and the Lord showed us 1 Corinthians 13 and he talked about love.
And I saw the glory in those huge massive silos, and they were opening up and pouring.
I said, "What qualifies for the glory?
" Walking in love.
And basically, the Lord was talking about walking in love and getting a foundation of love in your heart—that the key to the greater glory, the key to walking in the presence of the Lord like we've never seen in this generation, is going to be walking in love, having 1 Corinthians 13 rooted and grounded in your heart.
Well, all that went by, and I felt like I told Braden, I said, "I feel that the Lord is wanting to show us more.
" So, you are about to see the more.
Now, everything that the Lord showed me in this video, I usually will take this and not show you all.
But I felt in my heart that it could be seen.
Now, I'm going to do my best to explain it to you because these things that the Lord shows me are, like I said, the things I don't share publicly.
And it confirms a lot of things.
It shows us more pictures of things that I've already seen, and they're in our private journals of the future—things about AI, things about new technology that we've never seen before.
I've seen a lot of things: new engines, new jet power, things that are very—I would consider—classified.
I, like I said, I might be off the wall to talk about this publicly today, but I think it's good for you to see it.
The Holy Spirit is wanting to prepare you.
Many people have no idea what's coming.
So, let's go right to the prayer time, and we'll just go straight into it and you can pray with me.
Now, it's going to be different for some of you that are just here to hear the beginning.
But I'm going to talk about what I see after prayer instead of talking about it now, because you're not going to know what I'm talking about.
But let's go right now to the prayer time.
Pray with me, and if you don't want to pray, you can fast forward to the end, I guess, and just get the highlights of what we're about to pray about.
But I'll talk to you about what I saw and tell you more detail at the end of this.
So, all the talking that I normally do will be at the end.
So, let's go to the prayer time.
Well, I'm back now.
I forgot to take communion with you because I don't have communion for yesterday.
So, let's take communion today.
So, before we go to that, let's take communion together, and then you can go jump in the prayer river with me, and then we'll come back and I'll talk about it.
So, Father, I just thank you for the body.
I thank you, Father, that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes we are healed.
Now, Father, I thank you, Lord, that we have eyes to see and ears to hear what the Spirit is saying.
Thank you, Lord, that we're always filled and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
And Father, I plead the blood over everybody's bodies, over all their flesh.
And I thank you, Lord, that you've called them and chosen them for such a time as this, to be the mighty prayer army that goes and prays all the secret things in the heavenlies, for nothing happens in the natural before it happens in the spirit.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are praying forth the mysteries.
We're praying forth the things of the unseen and bringing them to the seen.
And we thank you, Father, that you've called us and chosen us, like I said, for such a time as this.
We love you, Lord.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do and all you continue to do on a day-to-day basis for us because you love us and we love you.
We praise you, Father, in the name of Jesus.
Amen.
We take the body.
He took everything for us, folks.
He took sickness.
He took disease.
We don't have to be bound by the devil's stuff.
We take this blood because we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood of Jesus Christ today.
We thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well.
We thank you, Lord, that all sickness, all disease, nothing shall by any means hurt us.
From the top of our head to the soles of our feet, Father, every tongue that rises against us, every witchcraft, every incantation, every chant, every voodoo—all of it—no weapon formed against us will prosper.
We put a bloodline all around our houses today.
We put a bloodline around all of us, Father, that the blood of Jesus Christ keeps us safe and whole and well and delivered.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We thank you, Lord.
We make much of the blood.
And every tongue that rises against us, Father, we condemn it.
We condemn the words that people speak against us.
And a curse without a cause cannot stand.
We thank you, Lord.
There's no cause because why?
We're under the blood.
There is no cause.
There is no weapon.
There is nothing that comes and defiles the blood of Jesus.
The blood of Jesus has set us free.
The blood of Jesus reigns supreme.
It is over all of us and covers all of us, Father, from the past, present, and future.
All our past, present, and future sins, Father, we thank you, Lord, that's under the blood in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, right now in Jesus' name.
Amen.
I get excited, y'all.
He did so much for us.
Amen.
Glory to God.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
And I'm free today.
I'm free.
Free at last, free at last.
Thank God Almighty, I'm free at last, like Martin Luther King would say.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
I didn't take a water.
I was going to talk about today before I went to this video, let your full fight for you.
Like Pastor Billy says, let your full fight for you.
But we'll talk about that some other time.
Let's go to the prayer time.
Now, I'll tell you what I see right now, but it doesn't make a lot of sense in the natural.
It looks like a tornado that's spinning, and it's in the base of a body of water that was like one of those funnels that the water goes through like a drain.
And I saw an acorn.
And out of this lightning that's all in the sky, I saw the distance of the cities.
And I saw this massive tornado go into a bowl of water, a reservoir, and an acorn came into that reservoir and plugged the middle of that swirly whirlpool.
And it put an acorn—and I saw an acorn, but the acorn was turned.
You know how the acorn has the nut part that hangs onto the tree and then the fruit of the acorn is down?
It was turned right side up and you could see the bottom half of the acorn in the middle of the swirl.
That's what I saw.
Now, what does that mean?
I have no idea.
And it's about something.
Okay, so most people go, "What in the world?
" I just tell you what I see.
I saw an acorn in this swirly, and I saw the tornado go in this water and the waters turned it into a whirlpool, and an acorn came out and plugged the drain.
And now, ain't it interesting, oak trees...
I've...
oak trees...
I see oak trees.
Now I see an acorn come off the oak tree and come upside down and clog the drain—the drain and the swirl trying to suck the water down—and the acorn plugged the hole, stopping the water from turning.
Let's see what the Lord says even more, maybe.
Okay, I see a massive oak tree standing on a hill.
I see a massive oak tree standing on a hill, and oh, there is a great light in the distance, and it's shining upon the oak tree.
It's shining upon the oak tree upon this hill.
In the middle of the trunk of the oak tree, there's a hole in there and it looks like an owl.
There's only one single, massive oak tree, and it has all its leaves on it; it's not without leaves.
There are leaves all on this oak tree.
I've seen oak trees without leaves when they dropped them, but this is one single oak tree, all by itself upon a hill, and there's a massive light behind it.
And it looks like a glorious light, so bright, shining behind that oak tree.
Look to the oak, the strength of the oak.
I don't understand what for, but it tells many tales.
What is the oak in America?
What is it?
And I see Benjamin Franklin's face now.
I see his spectacles, and now I see a kite.
I see him discovering electricity with that key attached to the kite.
I see it like what they show in the stories, and he's by the oak tree.
A great discovery is about to come near, a revolutionary discovery.
The oak is the old.
It was trying to drain, but the oak put a cork in it.
Do you understand?
The oak put a cork in the water that was trying to drain.
It was dry and dying.
Wealth, wealth, wealth.
A revolutionary discovery.
Do you hear?
The industrial revolution, a new way of thinking, a new way.
This AI—there's something.
I see AI now.
I see a capital A and a lowercase i next to the oak tree.
The industrial revolution.
Now I see trains, a big black locomotive train.
So, Benjamin Franklin, the oak tree, AI, and the kite.
Remember the golden keys.
Now, see, the Lord's emphasizing the golden key upon the kite.
Is it brass?
The kite has a tail, and there are like bow ties on the kite all the way down.
I see Benjamin Franklin holding this kite, standing next to the oak tree.
A new discovery.
And now he's showing me the roots of the oak tree.
I can see the roots going into the ground.
But he's cut this all off here, and I can see into the earth.
I can see the layers of the topsoil, and the roots of this tree go into the earth, but they're dwarfed; they're not going deep.
There are no great roots holding this great tree.
They're just skinny roots all at the top, holding this tree down.
It only has one big taproot.
I see the taproot, but all these little ones are just like fragments on the top of the surface holding this tree in, and they're only this deep.
It's just getting started.
Do you hear?
The roots are just getting started.
This new thing, a new industrial revolution with AI.
But watch the oak trees.
The AI has just begun.
There are deep roots to this.
AI will change everything and bring a new industrial revolution.
Just as much as electricity changed that generation—our generations, it changed.
It went boom and went into a new era of things, all spun off electricity, all spun off of power.
We use power, but power is everything.
AI is next to it.
And the Lord says, 'A new industrial revolution.
' And the roots are just so thin.
They're so thin, and they're going to go deeper and deeper.
But I see a storm within.
This is just the beginning.
AI is about to soar for a new industrial revolution.
But it's the beast system.
And the acorn's plugging a hole off of that tree.
Watch the acorn.
He says, 'Watch the acorn.
The acorn is the key.
' I see the water circling, but the acorn stopped the water from flowing and draining all out.
It was a tornado that turned into water, and it turned into a whirlpool, and the acorn closed the whirlpool.
But it was in a new industrial revolution, and I see oil derricks of great oil coming out of them standing next to this, in the background of the AI.
I see AI in front, and 'AI' is in bold red letters, glowing like neon.
And I see black oil derricks behind, and they're squirting out oil—three oil spouts coming out, all at the top behind AI.
Now I see airplanes, cars, AI cars with wheels.
They're black wheels, and they look like doughnut wheels—like big fluffy wheels with center hubcaps—but they're big wheels and they look almost like Elon Musk's Tesla cars.
Now I see that plane again, and it looks like an old B-52, like those old bombers from World War II.
But this is interesting: the plane actually is mirrored.
It's the period of flight.
I see hot air balloons.
The hot air balloon was like rainbows and everything, and it was above the sky.
The oak tree is right here, and I see a hot air balloon, and I see oil.
I believe this is like the industrial revolution, of how it evolved from hot air balloons, oil, cars, trains—things happened, but now we're coming into a new era of AI technology.
And the Lord says, 'Watch the acorn.
' I see the acorn split in half, shoving into the hole of this whirlpool that was sucking the water.
And Benjamin Franklin is flying this, but it all came out of electricity—a new way, an industrial revolution.
Does this make sense, what I'm trying to tell you all?
For a new era, a new time.
You've only seen the beginning of this AI, for AI's roots will grow deep.
And now I see medicine with AI, scientific breakthroughs from AI, and cures for diseases that were incurable through AI technology.
It will be used for good, but much for evil.
In the middle of this AI, I see a face.
It goes into digital, like digital code flying very fast.
And the AI parted, and there's an evil face.
There is a devil behind this.
This is something very deep into this AI technology.
It's almost like the computer thinks for itself; it doesn't need man anymore.
It has its own life.
It's a computer that has its own life.
It doesn't need us to make it work; it works on its own with power.
All you have to do is supply it power, but the computer takes over and is able to think by itself.
AI goes so deep—it's so vast.
But it is this industrial revolution with this new computer.
The AI software is Luciferian.
It doesn't need man; it thinks on its own.
After a while, it's like its own Terminator, you know, able to make its own decisions.
It doesn't need you to tell it anymore; it's able to think on its own.
It's able to fix problems—so much so, the surface of problems with diseases, cancers, and diabetes, it's able to fix them just with its own mathematical depth.
I see so much into this, and it is scary, spooky stuff.
That's all I'm going to say.
Spooky stuff.
I don't know why I keep seeing all these blue lights.
I see blue lights: engines running on blue lights, blue lights on airplanes, blue lights in cars.
It looks like a blue light—it's a new power source that looks like a blue light.
I'm looking at it right now; I can see it in the vision.
I can see an engine that is transparent, but it's running on blue light.
Explain that.
I don't know.
Lord, it's a new type of technology.
I hear Him say it's a new type of technology, a new space age, an endless power, greater than nuclear.
It's run by water.
This new engine will run off of hydro.
This is how water is its own electricity.
It's like water; water is its own supernatural fuel.
It creates its own power like electricity.
I don't know how else to describe it to you.
AI breaks down the molecules and how to split them.
It's just like nuclear, but it's even more powerful.
It's more powerful than electricity.
This is an energy that never dies, an energy that sustains and keeps going, making it possible to have long-distance flights without having to refuel—planes, cars, things like that.
A renewable, clean energy.
An industrial revolution, a new one.
Follow the oak.
Follow the oak tree.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, "Follow the oak.
I see the acorn plugging the hole.
I see the acorn.
" They've already stumbled on this.
He says they've already stumbled on this.
He says things will be revealed to you as they're able to contain it more.
They're freaked out by the knowledge they're receiving; they are perplexed.
They don't know what to do with so much coming to them.
It's so fast.
This AI is surpassing man's knowledge, and they don't know how to process what they're getting.
Now I'm seeing CERN, the Hadron Collider.
I see the Hadron Collider.
They've found something.
Very seldom do I get to tap into the spirit realm like this, and I see so much.
I'm in a vision in itself today, y'all.
I see the Hadron Collider, and it's showing how the universes were formed—all of it, the galaxies.
I see stars, I see what they call the God particle.
I see a God particle.
Oh, y'all, I don't even know what that is.
All of the universe combined is on a flat line.
It's all flat and spanned out; there's no depth, there's no length.
It's all on a line, and I can see all the stars on a line.
It's all flat, and it goes as far as the eye can see.
It's all part of this God particle in the center of this, and it's like it all exploded from there.
Why the Hadron Collider?
What does that have to do with this?
I can see all the machinery, and I can see lights in a tube.
I can see these fragments, and they're colliding those things together.
But they've found something—they have found something they're not bringing public.
But it's all part of the AI; they're taking it with the AI and intermingling this somehow.
Glory to God!
A new industrial revolution.
The Lord said crypto is so small.
The digital money system is so small compared to what this thing is going to do—technological advancements like we've never seen before.
Now I heard the word Nephilim.
It's fallen angel technology; there are demonic entities to this.
And now I see Elon's face.
I hear the word—he is the birthing child, he's the prodigal child.
It's like he's a protege.
It's all coming out of him, a lot of this.
There are other faces I see in Europe, but in America, it's like he's being really used for this.
His mind is on another level.
I think this is done today; I don't want to talk anymore like this.
I see some very dark things.
Watch the oak tree.
What does that mean?
Watch the acorn.
I don't know.
I see an acorn plugging the hole, and I see an oak tree cut, and I can see the growth rings.
Why?
What does that mean, Father?
What does this mean?
I see an airplane hangar.
The United States has a lot more secrets in the military than what you think.
Donald Trump was not kidding; he said we have military stuff that people don't know about.
I just saw something.
Glory to God!
Well, I have seen quite a bit today.
I could keep going.
I really don't know what to do with the information I've been given, but the Lord wanted me to see it.
This technology will end fossil fuels.
It's a new industrial revolution—planes and cars that would never have to have fossil fuels.
It's endless power for the military.
It's absolutely incredible what I just saw, a blue energy.
This bottle of water has more power than what AI will tell how to use to power a car for eternity, like you'll never run out.
I don't know how to describe it.
There's something so powerful even in this bottle of water.
It's energy in this water.
'Do you remember in the tribulation when you saw the blue lights in it?
' Yes.
And the blue lights in the trucks.
There's energy in the blue lights.
I'm telling y'all, I don't know how else to describe this stuff to you, but somehow this water is able to power something indefinitely.
That's me trying to decipher and tell you what I'm seeing.
I don't know how it all works, but AI is going to outsmart humans, and it won't even think with humans anymore.
The information it's producing is so much that humans can't grasp all of it so fast because we're limited in the ability of what we can understand.
But this computer is outthinking us, and behind this open thing is a devil.
It goes clear to the Hadron Collider, the God particle.
There's dark stuff here, folks, that I just saw.
It's tapping into a new dimension—it has tapped into something.
There's stuff they've got.
I'm telling you all, they played with stuff they shouldn't have played with, but in this, it's a new industrial revolution.
Everything we've known up until this point—trains, planes, air balloons—all this is about to change.
A new way of thinking, a new way, and it's behind AI, the oak tree, and the acorn.
Now, what is that?
Very, very interesting.
Very interesting.
Today, this prayer time.
Okay, you're back.
Now you're wondering what in the world was that?
I don't know.
I told Diana, and she goes, 'What was all that about?
' I said, 'Let me tell you,' because she knows about my prayer journals and all the things the Lord has shown us in the past.
And that stuff is never going to come out publicly.
Never.
Never will I share that stuff, ever.
But I gave you a glimpse of something.
There was a massive, tornado-like water structure that was turning in front of my face, and I told everybody that.
I could see the buildings in the highlights of the major cities, but there was lightning striking all above the atmosphere in the heavens, in the sky.
Lightning was striking and it was going nuts.
All of a sudden, that tornado-looking structure went straight into the water, into a lake like a reservoir of water, and it started turning the water all in front of this massive pool of water.
All of a sudden, I saw a massive oak tree, like a 200-year-old oak tree, a 300-year-old tree, a massive oak tree.
And the acorns on the tree were ginormous, and it fell down into the whirlpool that was sucking the water.
All the water was turning in this pool, and the acorn fell into this whirlpool upside down.
So the fruit of the acorn was up, and the head of the acorn that was attached to the tree was in the whirlpool, and it caused the whirlpool to stop.
As you could see, the fruit, the acorn nut, was in the air, and it was clogging it like a cork, and I could see the cork clogging this.
Then the Lord spoke to me and he said—I could see and I tried to talk, I don't remember things that I said or what I didn't say, but I'm going to go over it—I saw an owl in the side of this massive oak tree, an owl, and it was an Illuminati owl, a very dark, satanic owl that was inside this oak tree.
It was in the trunk of it, and I could see the owl looking out over the area that was being talked about, the acorn and all that, and it was looking at things.
Then all of a sudden, I saw Benjamin Franklin.
I could see his hair, and it was in a ponytail twist-like thing, and it was down like a ponytail.
He had a bow, like a black thing in his hair, and it went down, and then I saw his spectacles.
He had glasses on, and he was flying a kite.
I could see the kite flying in that electric storm that was going on.
All the lightning was going on above the oak tree, and I could see it, and there was a brass-looking golden key that was attached to it.
And then the vision went over, and I could see a black train, a massive black train.
I could see a hot air balloon.
Then I saw an airplane, and it was an old B-52 style, like an old 1950s or World War II bomber plane—one of those old 1940s or 1930s planes from when World War II was going on.
You could see the bomber, but it was mirrored.
All of this plane was mirrored, and you could see the mirrors all on it, and it was a reflection of something of our past, a reflection all on the side of this old warplane.
I could see the old emblems of the United States Air Force and all the things showing this was about America.
Then I could see the future going, and I saw jet engines.
I could see jet fuel, jet-powered cars, and jet-fueled F-16s, and you could see the transition of time.
Then I saw a new type of car that is not here on this earth yet.
It's coming with these different kinds of tires.
It looked like it was an AI car, some kind of Tesla-like, space-age-looking car.
I could see all this stuff, and then all of a sudden, by the tree, a capital A, lowercase i, AI came into play in front of all of these different means of transportation, different ways to travel over this course of time—hot air balloons, all this stuff.
And I heard, 'A new industrial revolution is coming.
It's birthing.
' And the Lord allowed me to see the foundation of the tree, all of where the topsoil of the tree was.
And I was looking at it from outside, and I could see a root coming and forming.
But the tree was already there.
It was already established without roots.
The tree was already established, but it was a part of the Illuminati.
The darkness, it was there.
It's been generations.
How many generations has the internet and technology been going?
Since the 1970s, since Apple started, Steve Jobs started doing it, Bill Gates and all these men.
It's been going on since 1970, about 50 years plus.
So, it's the time frame of this tree, but it never got a lot of roots for this AI.
It was just laying a foundation.
And I could see the roots from the tree growing on top of the surface.
And I could see the roots, the hairs going into the soil, but the main taproot was starting to grow down.
And the Lord told me, 'It's at the beginning phases.
You're at the beginning stages of what's coming.
A new industrial revolution is about to happen with a lowercase i, AI.
' And all of a sudden, I saw digital codes, and all this stuff looked like the Matrix movie.
It was a black screen with green numbers and green things, and it was moving and it was alive.
And all of a sudden, that AI moved by and was right here, but behind it, I could see this demonic face.
And AI started to have its own mind.
All the questions, everything that everybody has always asked, it feeds on.
When you say ChatGPT, 'What is the nearest star, ChatGPT?
' It knew all the answers, but it kept them in a database.
It kept everything that we've ever asked—medical questions.
It knew humans all around the world.
It knows what's on our thoughts.
It became smart technology that did not need humans to make it run anymore.
It ran on its own.
And whenever it was running on its own, it knew everything like a god.
So you didn't ask the Holy Spirit anymore, 'How do I get over this?
' You ask the stupid computer, and the computer would answer you and you'd trust it.
A lot of people do, and for what's coming, even more so.
They use it as if it were God, like, 'How do I fix this on my house?
How do I do that?
' You don't have to ask, you don't have to say in prayer anymore, 'How do I do this for my spouse?
How do I do this?
' because people become so familiar with talking to AI that they don't pray anymore.
You don't have to pray anymore when you have the hard questions.
They started talking to this being, which was a devil.
This is going to get deep, y'all.
I could see a face that was made into that Matrix digital outline that became a demonic figure, an Antichrist figure that came out of AI.
And I could see the demon's eyes.
I could see all of it.
But behind it all, the technology, everything that was happening, was happening so fast that the people from Google, the people from all these places, could not keep up with all the information that was being given to them by these big quantum computers—computers that are so smart that you can't—it's too much data for a human mind, so they're trying to sift through all the data that was being stored up and processed so quickly to solve problems.
But this is even more amazing: I saw medical science.
I saw doctors with white robes on with their stethoscopes in hospitals, finding—with AI doing it and programming this in AI—cures for major diseases like Alzheimer's, dementia, things of the brain, cancers, diabetes.
All kinds of things were being resolved and completely eradicated by AI technology.
There were new diseases, new things being birthed because you think, well, they're going to need money.
Medical science is not going to let all this.
But some of the old things that we've always dealt with become eradicated so that you would trust it, opening a door for trust.
You see, it's not bad; it's a friend.
AI is a friend.
Look at all the things that it's helped with, ladies and gentlemen.
You don't want to get rid of this; keep feeding it information.
So, as people become familiar and accustomed to this new AI, this new digital era, a new industrial revolution, people become familiar with it.
Behind it, at CERN, I could see the God particle.
And it was spinning on that tube, the colliding of the particles and all that was going on.
And the Lord allowed me to go to CERN and I could see that they found more about portals with the Nephilim that they are talking about.
Now, I pray this does not...
I saw things that were very dangerous, very demonic, talking to demonic spirits in realms through witchcraft, but using it as modern science, through finding God particles and doing things.
And I saw a flat line, and you'll hear of all the galaxies, of all the universes, all the stuff together, it was on a line and I could see the manipulation.
It was way out there.
But the Lord said to me in the midst of all this, there's going to be a new form of energy, a new form of technology that this world has never seen before.
Fossil fuels will be a thing of the past.
I'll say that again: what I saw was fossil fuels will be a thing of the past.
I saw Elon Musk's face, and he was like the head kingpin.
I could see his face, and it was Nephilim thinking, fallen angel technology that is as the days of Noah so will it be when the son of man returns.
The giants roam the land.
But this is a new crossbreed of what we would call the giants.
Not giants, but it's not human thinking.
That's the only way I'll be able to describe that to you.
Supernatural minds thinking on a new level.
AI was so powerful that it was able, like I said, to run itself without any human making it.
It was alive.
I could see it.
Now, I was taken into military bases; I was taken into things.
I saw a new form of energy that's even greater than nuclear, powered by water.
And the Lord said, 'Pay attention to the acorn.
' That's why He said, 'Look at the acorn.
' Everything was about the oak tree.
He said, 'Pay attention.
' Why was it about the oak tree?
What was going on?
He said, 'Pay attention to the acorn.
There is a new form of energy that's about to take place that is greater and more sustaining than any nuclear power.
It is not toxic.
I saw a blue energy.
I saw new jet engines; I saw new car engines that were not housed by metal, but by plexiglass, like a thick, see-through thing that was hydrogen, water-based energy.
They found through AI in that vision a way to harness water by making energy that is never able to run out.
Planes that will never have to be refueled, cars that would never have to be refueled, drones that never need a battery, sun, or solar.
I'm talking about a power source that never loses its power because a glass of water—this is water, because it's going to mess up because of my green screen, but this glass of water has more energy in it than a nuclear reactor.
Does that make sense to you?
I'm trying so hard to describe to you what I saw yesterday: that a bottle of water has more energy in it to power a 747 for the whole life of the plane.
And that may sound like something so far out there, but folks, I'm talking about technology that we're fixing to enter.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, crypto's behind.
' Crypto is actually a platform.
It was a thin thread that people are so focused on right now, but it's 50 years behind.
It's old news compared to what they're getting in the new AI, the new stuff they're getting in the quantum computers.
And the stuff that I saw was so far out there and so out of your mind that they were having a hard time even processing what this computer was trying to tell them, even the most intellectual people on this planet.
And crypto is like child's play.
It's like saying, 'Well, who cares?
' You know, that's how big of a deal this was.
Braden said, 'I remind you, it's better than nuclear.
What you're about to see is better than nuclear.
' The Lord said, 'And it's a blue light.
' And if you remember what I told you all whenever I saw the men jumping out of the black cars, they had blue lights on.
And Braden's always like, 'Dad, why do they have blue lights?
What is it all about with the blue lights?
' It's a new form of energy.
I don't know what's going on with this, but all I know is that when I saw this—and that's the part I don't feel safe talking about because I was in a military base—I saw new military technology.
I saw military technology that doesn't exist yet to the public, things that I believe are top secret.
And the Lord showed me things in military bases.
The Lord showed me deep things.
I saw time travel.
I don't know how, whether through portals or through AI.
I don't know how else to describe to you all what I saw.
It was so out there.
And I told my son, I said, 'I'll do my best to draw you a picture of what I saw, but the only thing I can tell you is Stargate, the movie.
' It was some of the stuff I was looking at, and I thought, 'When is this happening?
How did this happen?
Is this further in the future?
' I don't know; all I know.
Is this something that's actually happening right now?
I don't know.
I just know this stuff that I saw was so out there that it makes fossil fuels obsolete.
There's no reason for oil anymore.
Oh, and behind the AI, I saw an oil derrick with three springs of oil coming off of it.
That was behind the industrial revolution, using oil and making things happen through fossil fuels.
But the new wave will be different from fossil fuels.
I don't know if they'll ever make it public, so that everybody will have this new water technology for engines in their cars, or if it's just military or industrial, like for American Airlines or whatever.
I don't know, folks.
All I know is the new jet engines were clean.
There was a blue light; it was clean.
There were no emissions.
Everything was bubbling.
I tried my best today to describe to you what I saw of how the engine sucks in the water.
I could draw a picture; I could show people this new engine, these new jets, and new car engines and new things that were made, and they were beautiful, but it was like plexiglass.
Thick, armored-looking plexiglass.
It wasn't metal anymore.
There was aluminum in it, and you could see the gears and stuff moving, but it wasn't the base.
It was something inside of there that was causing a reaction with the water, and it was beyond anything I've ever seen like that.
Not because I've seen stuff like this before, but it's just more puzzle pieces with cryptic writings and numbers and mathematical equations that the Lord gives me sometimes.
It's so interesting to me that He would speak to somebody who barely has a high school education like this, and He knows that I don't know how to figure any of that math out.
He knows that I don't know how to make any of this stuff happen.
But He tells me and says, 'Hey, Brandon, I want to talk to you about something.
' And it comes out of my prayer time, things where I think, 'This is so far out there.
If I knew how to do it, this is bigger than the computer, bigger than Steve Jobs, bigger than Apple, equivalent to electricity.
' Yeah, it was equivalent to electricity just because Benjamin Franklin was flying his kite, and it was the beginning of the Industrial Revolution of that time.
The Lord was saying it all spun off of electricity.
Everything had to have electricity first, through Benjamin Franklin, which spun off and created computers and all this stuff.
But it all started with one man and one thought.
Bottom line, Tesla and all the stuff came out of electricity and the foundation of the technology that came out of electricity, about Alexander Graham Bell.
So it all spun and dominoed off of one and started going, and it just kept going and going.
Look how it all kept morphing, doing more—with cars, plants, telephone, and internet, and all the things that came off of it.
But electricity had to come first.
AI had to come first.
Now quantum computing, all these things, it's all going to be a thing of the past.
This is the foundation, like electricity was.
Watch what happens with this.
And the beast system comes out of all this.
And I was just, I don't know, in awe a little bit more of something else that the Lord showed me.
And I thought, well, I'll let you in on some of it today.
I pray this video blessed you.
I think it's kind of different, you know.
Like I said, I don't want to keep going over and over it, but it was quite interesting for me and my house.
Just like I said, maybe it didn't mean a whole lot to you, but for us it did.
I'm thankful for the things the Lord shows me: things about crypto, things about the end times, things about what's coming.
I know we're getting so close to His coming.
I know Jesus is coming so soon, and many people are not ready for what's coming.
Many people will be deceived by technology, the beast, 666, the mark of the beast, and all the things that are coming at a freight train speed.
But they have to desensitize you first so everybody will accept it, hook, line, and sinker.
It won't come out so quickly that they're going to just force it on you because people would reject it; they want them to want it.
'This is a cure for this,' 'it's a cure for that,' 'this will help you.
' Well, I pray this video blessed you all today.
I know it's kind of different, but it was just prayer time yesterday that I added to make a video for you today because I didn't want to bury it.
It was over two and a half hours, and I told Braden, 'They ain't going to make it through this.
' I said, 'Most people complain after an hour.
' So I said, 'If they want to see the deeper thing of what God showed us, I have to make a whole new video for tomorrow.
' That's why I did that, because I thought it might bless you.
So, if you want to subscribe, I really would appreciate it.
We're trying to reach a million people—a million-strong men and women prayer army, praying for the nations, praying for the lost, believing for the supernatural.
That's what we believe here.
We believe that Jesus Christ is a healer, and He's healing the sick today.
So, if you just believe by simple faith, Jesus will touch your body right where you are.
Well, if you could subscribe, please subscribe.
Click the notification bell, click the thumbs up, and comment something nice below about what you thought about this video.
If you didn't understand it, maybe I can answer it on the next video, I don't know.
I still don't understand the acorn.
I'm like, 'Why the acorn?
What is it about an acorn?
' But the acorn was upside down in the water, and it blocked the flow of the water flowing out.
What was that about?
Tell me what you think that was about.
And then the tree was grown fully grown with hardly any roots, and the Illuminati was in the center of it.
What in the world?
I just thought, 'Isn't that interesting, with an owl?
' Got it.
So, click the notification bell.
Do all that you can to help us get this gospel spread throughout the world, and then the end will come.
We believe that Jesus Christ is coming soon, folks.
Well, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you tomorrow.
Bye-bye.